Add section to configure labels (#1610)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/partials/proc_configuring-labels-for-routes.adoc

[id="configuring-labels-for-routes_{context}"]
= Configuring labels for OpenShift Route

This procedure describes how to configure labels for OpenShift Route to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects.

.Prerequisites

* The `{orch-cli}` tool is available.

> * An instance of {prod-short} running in {orch-name}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An instance of {prod-short} running in OpenShift.
```
